# How jql2sql.github.io works

 This website is running by github pages feature, and html files are generated from markdown by [vuepress](https://v2.vuepress.vuejs.org). Please be familiar with both github pages and vuepress v2 before you try to contribute. Only [demo](https://jql2sql.github.io) is deveoped by vue3 and [alasql](http://alasql.org)


# Step by step
## Fork jql2sql.github.io repository

Please fork jql2sql.github.io into your github account

* [Contribute to demo](contribute-to-demo)
* [Contribute to rest of website](contribute-to-rest-of-website)

## Contribute to demo
### Run npm install

As *demo* is developer by vue3 and alasql, we should install dependencies firstly.

```
npm run install
```

### Develop demo page
Run the command below, and develop demo page.

```
npm run dev
```

Once development is done, please build like below.
```
npm run build
```

### Adding docs into commit and push
Please add *docs* folder into your commit, and push it.

## Contribute to rest of website

### Switch pwd to vuepress

```
cd vuepress
```

### Run npm install
As this website is generated by vuepress, we should install vuepress and its dependencies.
```
npm run install
```

### Edit index.md file
In *{repo root}/vuepress/docs* folder, you can see folders and *index.md*, pick one of *index.md* and edit it with markdown syntax.

### Preview website
Before you merge edited file, you can check it locally. Please run the command below, and it will launch local webserver to let you visit/verify the edited website.

```
npm run docs:dev
```

Type the URL below in your web browser. now you are almost ready to publish.
```
http://localhost:8080/pages/
```

### Copying files into {repo root}/docs folder
```
npm run docs:build
```

### Adding docs into commit and push
Please add *docs* folder into your commit, and push it.

# Lastly, DO NOT FORGET PULL REQUEST :)

Have fun from contributing open source project :)