# How jql2sql.github.io works
This website is running by github pages feature, and html files are generated from markdown by [vuepress](https://v2.vuepress.vuejs.org). Please be familiar with both github pages and vuepress v2 before you try to contribute.


# Step by step
## Fork jql2sql.github.io repository
Please fork jql2sql.github.io into your github account

## Run npm install
As this website is generated by vuepress, we should install vuepress and its dependencies.
```
npm run install
```

## Edit index.md file
In *docs* folder, you can see folders and *index.md*, pick one of *index.md* and edit it with markdown syntax.

## Preview website
Before you merge edited file, you can check it locally. Please run the command below, and it will launch local webserver to let you visit/verify the edited website.

```
npm run docs:dev
```

Type the URL below in your web browser. now you are ready to publish.
```
http://localhost:8080
```

# Publishing and Two branches, main and pages
To separate sources/toos and generated files, this repo has two branches like below.
- *main* branch contains all of sources and tools to generate website.
- *pages* branch contains generated files only to serve them to your browser

Therefore,

## Commit to main branch
Add your modification into commit on main branch.
```
git add docs/where/index.md
```
**PLEASE DO NOT INCLUDE pages folder into commit**

Please describe commit message well.
```
git commit
```

push your commit to github, please be aware of that your new commit is not sent to us.

### pull request in github website
Now you can send pull request to original repo.

## Generate website
At here, you are ready to generate new website with your modification, please run the command below.
```
npm run docs:build
```

Once the command is done, generate files(html, css and javascript files) are stored in *pages* folder.
